(punchy electronic music)
- [Instructor] So now it's time for me to show you
my solution to this exercise.
Much like I did with the Python example,
I used all of the functions we'd already created,
and just kind of cascaded through our algorithm.
So, we'll start on line 173.
I create a new bucket, using that TRANSIENT_BUCKET_NAME.
I upload the file F2 to that bucket.
I then copy the file F1 from my primary bucket
to the transient bucket.
On line 176 I'm then going to call listFiles,
and store them in a keys list.
I'm going to put a output there to just let me know
that now we're printing.
And I'm going to call a method, print line,
on each one of the keys.
Then I'm going to call on each of the keys, print line.
Then on line 179 I'm going to download a file.
So, some of you may have seen an issue here on line 179
when you were downloading the file,
if your download directory wasn't clean,
because it can't overwrite the file
when it does that download.
Now on 180 I generate my URL.
I then do a forEach on each of the keys
to make sure that I delete them,
and then I delete the bucket.
So, let's go ahead and give this thing a run,
but before we do, we'll jump over to the console.
Refresh the view, show that there is no transient bucket.
And we will run it.
So we have files, we output them to the console.
I did not output the pre-signed URL,
you may have done that.
But I've already tested that that works,
so I wasn't too worried about that.
But we did download them.
We can also open up Terminal here,
and do an ls on our
s3alt.
And you'll see we've got a file there that we downloaded.
So, we uploaded them to that temporary transient directory,
and then downloaded it from there.
So we know we at least got files out there.
And then the final check.
Go back to the console, refresh.
And indeed, we still don't have the transient bucket,
because it was created, the work was done,
and then it was deleted.
And that's all there is to this exercise file.